Reviewer 7 of ICRA 2020 submission 61

Comments to the author
======================

Summary

The authors propose a new architecture for supervised 3D
object detection and tracking, by combining insights from
existing literature on 2D video tracking and 3D
single-frame detection. The architecture has 3 novel
components - a shared RPN for consecutive keyframes, a
temporal module and corresponding loss to capture essential
information between keyframes, and an interpolation
approach to make predictions between keyframes. On KITTI,
performance and accuracy gains over the AVOD 3D detection
baseline using the proposed approach are significant, and
results for 3D tracking are competitive to state-of-the-art
on certain metrics.

Strengths

1. Motivation, high-level idea, and network architectures
are
described well and easy to follow. 

2. Comparisons to state-of-the-art that have similarly high
FPS are favorable, validating the practical usefulness of
the proposed approach when computational resources are
limited.

Weaknesses

1. Most comparisons only involve AVOD [7] as a baseline.
The authors claim greater flexibility and efficiency than
other methods ([8], [9]) in the introduction, but this is
not fully justified later in the main text/experiments.

2. Several grammatical/spelling errors throughout the draft
make it tricky to understand some of the author's ideas.
The draft requires a thorough proof-read to correct these
errors.

3. Notation for Eq. 2, the getMatched function, and
Algorithm 1 is hard to follow. Some thresholds are defined
symbolically, others are simply stated to be fixed to a
certain value.

Suggestions

1. 'Proposal accuracy' metric for Table II is not
mathematically defined (IoU value used). From the minor
gain  (0.66%) it is unclear if this is significantly
contributing to the final performance, so it could be
useful to also add to Table III an ablation for performance
when a non-shared RPN is used.

2. Given the significant number of thresholds/heuristics in
each of the 3 proposed components, the ablative analysis
for thresholds is insufficient to understand why certain
thresholds were set and how difficult it would be to tune
for a different application. Ablation is restricted to only
the temporal stride parameter and removing entire blocks of
the architecture. More analysis of eg. loss weights, number
of proposals would be interesting.

3. Referencing of tables and figures in the text is
inconsistent, sometimes italicized and other times
abbreviated. Eg. Table II is referenced before Table I in
the text, as Figure II.

Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

Transition time between slides was extremely insufficient,
an extra 10 seconds or so for each of these would be
helpful. Overall, though several visualizations are
provided, it is unclear when/where to focus in the sequence
to understand the differences.